docs/contents.md, before:

---
title: Contents
slug: "/"
---

Last Updated on March 30, 2023

## Reading List

Here, you will find my thoughts on articles and books.

### Article Summaries
<!-- 
<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                                                                    | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Name of Topic ](scaling-memcached)                                      | March 30, 2023   |

</div> -->

### Book Summaries

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Title                                                                   | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Ikigai: The Japanese Secret to a Long and Happy Life](ikigai)          | March 30, 2023     |

</div>  -->

## Documentation

<!-- Here, you will find a collection of concise notes on full-stack software engineering and cloud operations. These notes are filed under their respective topic, with related topics are categorised under the same chapter. -->
<!-- 
### Cloud and Networking

<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                          | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Docker](docker-cheatsheet)    | December 24, 2020 |
| 2   | [GCP GKE](gcp-gke-cheatsheet)  | December 24, 2020 |
| 3   | [Mininet](mininet-setup)       | December 27, 2020 |
| 4   | [Network Model](network-model) | November 30, 2020 |

</div> -->

### Programming
<!-- 
<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                        | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [C](c-cheatsheet)            | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [Javascript](js-cheatsheet)  | March 30, 2023  |
 
</div>  -->

### Tooling and OS

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                          | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Git](git-cheatsheet)          | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [Ubuntu](os-ubuntu-cheatsheet) | March 30, 2023 |

</div>  -->

### Web Development

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                        | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [MongoDB](mongodb-setup)     | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [NodeJS](nodejs-auto-reload) | March 30, 2023 |
| 3   | [Django](django-setup) | March 30, 2023 | 
</div>
 -->

Commit message:

added a few docs and blogs

docs/contents.md, after:

---
title: Contents
slug: "/"
---

Last Updated on March 30, 2023

<!-- ## Reading List -->

In the docs section, you can read my articles and guides on:

1. API Documentation
1. Book Summaries
1. Cloud and Networking
1. Programming
1. Tooling and OS
1. Web Development

<!-- ### Article Summaries -->
<!-- 
<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                                                                    | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Name of Topic ](scaling-memcached)                                      | March 30, 2023   |

</div> -->

<!-- ### Book Summaries -->

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Title                                                                   | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Ikigai: The Japanese Secret to a Long and Happy Life](ikigai)          | March 30, 2023     |

</div>  -->

<!-- ## Documentation -->

<!-- Here, you will find a collection of concise notes on full-stack software engineering and cloud operations. These notes are filed under their respective topic, with related topics are categorised under the same chapter. -->
<!-- 
### Cloud and Networking

<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                          | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Docker](docker-cheatsheet)    | December 24, 2020 |
| 2   | [GCP GKE](gcp-gke-cheatsheet)  | December 24, 2020 |
| 3   | [Mininet](mininet-setup)       | December 27, 2020 |
| 4   | [Network Model](network-model) | November 30, 2020 |

</div> -->

<!-- ### Programming -->
<!-- 
<div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                        | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [C](c-cheatsheet)            | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [Javascript](js-cheatsheet)  | March 30, 2023  |
 
</div>  -->

<!-- ### Tooling and OS -->

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                          | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ------------------------------ | ----------------- |
| 1   | [Git](git-cheatsheet)          | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [Ubuntu](os-ubuntu-cheatsheet) | March 30, 2023 |

</div>  -->

<!-- ### Web Development -->

<!-- <div class="contentTableContainer">

|     | Topic                        | Date Last Updated |
| --- | ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| 1   | [MongoDB](mongodb-setup)     | March 30, 2023 |
| 2   | [NodeJS](nodejs-auto-reload) | March 30, 2023 |
| 3   | [Django](django-setup) | March 30, 2023 | 
</div>
 -->
